Document Execution Lock (#516)
cirruslabs/cirrus-ci-docs: docs/guide/writing-tasks.md

You'll be able to manually trigger such paused tasks via Cirrus CI Web UI or directly from GitHub Checks page.

## Task Execution Lock

Some CI tasks perform external operations which are required to be executed one at a time. For example, parallel deploys

> to the same environment is usually a bad idea. In order to restrict parallel execution of a certain task within a repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the same environment is usually a bad idea. In order to restrict parallel execution of a certain task within a repository,
```

> you can use `execution_lock` to specify a lock key that will be used to make sure that tasks with the same lock key 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can use `execution_lock` to specify a lock key, a unique string that will be used to make sure that tasks with the same `execution_lock` string
```

Author: That is an awesome clarification! Thanks!

> are executed one at a time. Here is an example of how to make sure that for a single branch there is at most one deployment 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are executed one at a time. Here is an example of how to make sure deployments 
```

> to staging is happening:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on a specific branch *can not* run in parallel:
```

```yaml
task:
  name: "Automatic Staging Deploy"
  execution_lock: $CIRRUS_BRANCH
```

> You'll be able to manually trigger such paused tasks via Cirrus CI Web UI or directly from GitHub Checks page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll be able to manually trigger such paused tasks via the [Cirrus CI Web Dashboard](https://cirrus-ci.com) or directly from the commit's `checks` page on GitHub.
```
